Sundar Pichai (born 12 July 1972) is the chief executive officer (CEO) of Google Inc. Formerly the Product Chief of Google, Pichai's current role was announced on 10 August 2015, as part of the restructuring process that made Alphabet Inc. into Google's parent company, and he assumed the position on 2 October 2015.

Timothy Donald Cook (born November 1, 1960) is an American business executive, industrial engineer, and developer. Cook is the Chief Executive Officer of Apple Inc., previously serving as the company's Chief Operating Officer, under its founder Steve Jobs.

Satya Narayana Nadella (born 19 August 1967) is an Indian American business executive. He is the current Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of Microsoft, succeeding Steve Ballmer in 2014. Before becoming CEO, he was Executive Vice President of Microsoft's cloud and enterprise group, responsible for building and running the company's computing platforms, developer tools and cloud computing services.

Virat Kohli (born 5 November 1988) is an Indian international cricketer who currently captains the India national team. A right-handed batsman, often regarded as one of the best batsmen in the world,Kohli is ranked as one of world's most famous athletes by ESPN and one of the most valuable athlete brands by Forbes. He plays for the Royal Challengers Bangalore in the Indian Premier League (IPL), and has been the team's captain since 2013.

Avul Pakir Jainulabdeen Abdul Kalam better known as A. P. J. Abdul Kalam (born on 15 October 1931), was the 11th President of India from 2002 to 2007. A career scientist turned statesman, Kalam was born and raised in Rameswaram, Tamil Nadu, and studied physics and aerospace engineering. He spent the next four decades as a scientist and science administrator, mainly at the Defence Research and Development Organisation (DRDO) and Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO) and was intimately involved in India's civilian space programme and military missile development efforts.

Jeffrey Preston Bezos (born January 12, 1964) is an American technology and retail entrepreneur, investor, electrical engineer, computer scientist, and philanthropist, best known as the founder, chairman, and CEO of Amazon.com, the world's largest online shopping retailer.
